README.md, before:

# Google GSON Example

An example of using Google JSON library GSON to read/write JSON structures from/to the local file system.

## Tools Used

| Tool     |  Version |
|:---------|---------:|
| Java     |   23.0.2 |
| IntelliJ | 2024.3.4 |
| VSCode   |   1.97.2 |
| GSON     |   2.12.1 |

## Change History

| Date       | Description                                                                   |
|:-----------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2024-10-15 | Initial creation                                                              |
| 2024-10-16 | Refactor code to extract ZonedDateTimeTypeAdaptor into a separate class file  |
| 2024-11-25 | suppress saving .idea files and directories to GitHub                         |
| 2024-11-25 | Add lib directory and .classpath to allow VSCode to find and usg GSON library |
| 2024-11-25 | Extract FileUtil class into separate .java file                               |
| 2025-02-01 | Verify code runs with Java 23.0.2                                             |
| 2025-03-01 | Refactor and upgrade to IntelliJ 2024.3.4 and GSON 2.12.1                     |

## References

* [Google GSON User Guide](https://github.com/google/gson/blob/main/UserGuide.md)
* [Google GSON GitHub Repo](https://github.com/google/gson)
* [File Matcher Example](https://www.baeldung.com/java-files-match-wildcard-strings)
* [File Visitor Example - Search](https://www.demo2s.com/java/java-filevisitor-tutorial-with-examples.html)
* [Walking the file tree](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/io/walk.html)
* [File File Example](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/displayCode.html?code=https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/io/examples/Find.java)
* [MongoDB: Document Data Format: POJOs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/java/sync/current/fundamentals/data-formats/document-data-format-pojo/)

Commit message:

verify code runs with latest IntelliJ and VSCode IDE's.

README.md, after:

# Google GSON Example

An example of using Google JSON library GSON to read/write Java Plain Old Java Objects (POJO's)
to/from JSON structures from/to the local file system.

## Tools Used

| Tool     |    Version |
|:---------|-----------:|
| Java     |     23.0.2 |
| IntelliJ | 2024.3.4.1 |
| VSCode   |     1.98.0 |
| GSON     |     2.12.1 |

## Change History

| Date       | Description                                                                   |
|:-----------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2024-10-15 | Initial creation                                                              |
| 2024-10-16 | Refactor code to extract ZonedDateTimeTypeAdaptor into a separate class file  |
| 2024-11-25 | suppress saving .idea files and directories to GitHub                         |
| 2024-11-25 | Add lib directory and .classpath to allow VSCode to find and usg GSON library |
| 2024-11-25 | Extract FileUtil class into separate .java file                               |
| 2025-02-01 | Verify code runs with Java 23.0.2                                             |
| 2025-03-01 | Refactor and upgrade to IntelliJ 2024.3.4 and GSON 2.12.1                     |
| 2025-03-07 | Verify program runs with latest IntelliJ and VSCode                           |

## References

* [Google GSON User Guide](https://github.com/google/gson/blob/main/UserGuide.md)
* [Google GSON GitHub Repo](https://github.com/google/gson)
* [File Matcher Example](https://www.baeldung.com/java-files-match-wildcard-strings)
* [File Visitor Example - Search](https://www.demo2s.com/java/java-filevisitor-tutorial-with-examples.html)
* [Walking the file tree](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/io/walk.html)
* [File File Example](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/displayCode.html?code=https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/io/examples/Find.java)
* [MongoDB: Document Data Format: POJOs](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/java/sync/current/fundamentals/data-formats/document-data-format-pojo/)
